Cryptia Holding Ltd Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the official Cryptia websites, which is located at domain name cryptia.com, as well as to the software Cryptia Secure Storage, which checks for available updates and additions using http requests to these sites. (and exclusively to it).

No personally identifiable information of internet users visiting these websites is collected by/on these websites.* However, note that it is sometimes possible, under certain circumstances, to determine with a high degree of accuracy who used a certain Internet Protocol address at a particular time (we are not able to do so, but, for example, law enforcement agencies are able and entitled to do so in some cases). Consequently, an Internet Protocol address may be considered potentially personally identifiable information in some cases.

We keep records of IP addresses used to access our services and sites.

Software Cryptia Secure Storage sends a request to subscribe to add-on components and these subscriptions are stored in our database. To identify the user, we use a unique user device identifier generated from the MAC address of device and a random component. Software does not transfer to the web server user accounts in AppStore or PlayMarket, respectively, subscriptions are tied to the device, not to the account.

Requests for subscriptions sent over the network unencrypted.

Details about subscriptions, as well as details about visits to our site, we assume the private data.

Disclosure of private data.
If we think it is necessary or we have to by law in any jurisdiction then we are entitled to give your information to the authorities. We reserve the right to assist any law enforcement agency with investigations, including and limited to by way of disclosure of information to them or their agents. We also reserve the right to comply with any legal processes, including but not limited to subpoenas, search warrants and court orders. We may disclose your information to enforce or apply our Terms or any other agreement we have with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our other users or the operation of our services and the websites.

We will not sell or otherwise provide your personal information to a third party, or make any other use of personal information for any purpose which is not specifically allowed under this Policy or is not incidental to the normal use of our services.

Non-personal information
Such information we refer depersonalized statistics (without ip addresses and user device identificators) visits to our site or subscriptions to add-on components, grouped according to various criteria, such as: country, region, language, type of browser, operating system, etc. We may use cookies or other similar technology for these purposes.

We might join that information with other users' information and give it to advertisers in a way which doesn't personally identify you; We might analyse and use this information for marketing or statistical purposes as well as to improve the way we do business with our users.

Contact
Questions and comments regarding this policy are welcomed and should be addressed to the Privacy Officer at info@cryptia.com.

Changes to our Policy
We may make changes to this Policy in the future. Any changes will be posted on website.

Last updated August 2013